{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Pseudomonas aeruginosa 
\f1\i0 Genome Files\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
Overview\
--------\
\
Within this directory are two genome sequence FASTA files for each of the thirty strains described in \'93____\'94.  The raw sequence files contain the full genomic sequence without annotation, separated by contig (if the genome is not closed).  The annotated sequence files contain the open reading frames (ORFs) in each genome.  For a description of the sequencing and annotation pipeline, see the main text.\
\
Headers\
-------\
\
The headers for both types of files provide the essential information about their corresponding sequences.  They are pipe-delimited for easy parsing and begin with the standard FASTA opening, >gi|.  The raw sequences are separated by contig, if applicable, with headers containing the following information:\
\
- Strain Name: Unique character string identifying each genome.\
- Genome ID: Unique integer identifying each genome.\
- Contig ID: Integer indicating the contig number.  If the genome is closed, the contig ID is assigned a \'910\'92.\
- Start\
- Stop\
\
The annotation files contain the sequences of all open reading frames found in each genome.  If the ORF has an ortholog in reference strains PA01 or PA14, the standard locus name and gene name are provided.  The headers contain the following information:\
\
- Strain Name\
- Genome ID\
- Contig ID\
- ORF ID: Unique integer identifying each open reading frame\
- Locus Name: If available\
- Gene Name: If available\
- Start\
- Stop\
- Strand Orientation: +1 = forward, -1 = reverse\
\
Author\
-------\
Justin Torok\
\
Acknowledgements\
-------\
Dr. Joao Xavier\
Rayees Rahman\
Dr. Weigang Qiu\
\
Contact\
-------\
jlt46@cornell.edu\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}